[Music]
family I already with what I just
heard on Sálvame right now
live you are now Javier with Rocío
Carrasco Right now live in the
restaurant where it is supposed and I say It is
supposed because I would like to know with what
proof no matter how much video they show what
proof do I have that those images that they are
going to show us are from Sunday okay It
is not a recreation But well The Movida
that they are supposedly in the
restaurant where they were on Sunday
because they are going to show some supposed
images from the security cameras that
would demonstrate that Marta Riesgo has lied
okay those images I already tell you, I mean I don't
know how it can be proven and
refutable that those images are from
Sunday because those images could be
from yesterday or they could be from this morning or they
could be from Whenever but what is
crazy we will comment later I don't know
if it may even open live I will
see but what is crazy is uh they have
given a speech asking for the
dismissal of Marta Riesgo and Rocío Carrasco
playing the victim again, I mean
Rocío Carrasco has said that since this is
a lie  Marta, well,
everything that she's said is true,
look at the correlation, she says. Well,
like, well, imagine, just like this, everything,
just like this. Well, everything I've
said and everything I'm telling you, I mean, like,
if I'm right here, I'm right
in everything I've said in the
documentary, okay, which has nothing to
do with it because here they might be lying,
Tokyo, everyone is sweeping for home, but
well, she, as always, is on her own ground.
Then Jorge Javier started to dance
a speech about bad
journalism, as if to say, we
have the duty as journalists and the
studies that we have not to manipulate
people, not to misinform, not to lie.
Jorge, you on Sálvame, I mean, it could be a
list of lies, manipulations, not
just the documentary, there were
contradictions and lies that we
were catching by comparing one episode
with another, already in Sálvame itself,
lies that you've said that have
cost you convictions, convictions for
violations of honor, that this morning
they ratified the sentence from
last year in a trial that you  you took a long time to come
please but how many lies have you
told on Sálvame if without going any
further last week
you told one that Antonio had
negotiated in the building of the magazine
Semana the interview of Olga and
the director of the magazine himself has come out to
deny it But what do you tell me about
manipulation to the people that you deceive
Poor people who see you only
those who see you and do not contract the
information for example here on YouTube
or somewhere else then Rocío Carrasco has
again stated that what has been done
this morning is claimed by you that they are
arguing over a recording if my
name is Rocío Carrasco if she made fun of
me if she is obsessed with Antonio David
if she is not with vicarious violence
saying that this morning again
vicarious violence has been exercised but let's see if
this woman when she goes to catch the bus
and the bus escapes because she is
late to the stop is also
vicarious violence it is that I do not understand Rocío
really I tell you it is already
ignoring the scumbag Jorge Javier all
the time talking about how Antonio said an
abuser that abuse is being whitewashed
and has put
all his colleagues at the
network, directors and owners of the other
production companies where Marta works at risk on the ropes
to get her fired because he's saying that by
admitting Marta risk in this
work
that we are whitewashing abuse
we kick out not the bosses it's not like
pressuring the other production companies like
Hey you have to fire her from work
now she's got her balls in me that
this woman has to leave her job
and that we have to fire her because she
messed with me and the moment she doesn't
bail me out she threatened to fire her and since
I don't have the power to fire her because she
's in another production company then I put pressure on her and she
's telling her colleagues that if they don't
do anything they are whitewashing
sexist violence you're being told by
the guy who wanted and also threatened to
fire Paloma García Pelayo because she
questioned Pepe Navarro while
Jorge Javier was doing an
interview with a man who does have
a conviction for assault
what the [ __ ] man what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] but
to me the fight since they have against
Antonio David as a fight No, well
you are worse We are better You are
right I am not right okay
insults even whatever you want no
but okay come on but it is that it is so
using violence against women as a weapon
as you know that it is a very
sensitive issue and that people condemn it
because we all condemn it, those of us who
are for and against Antonio
David everyone condemns violence
against women I in particular condemn
any type of violence
but condemning violence against
women does not mean that we call anyone we
want to get rid of an abuser
above what the judges say and they
are using that as if it were a
weapon
using that mass
when Jorge Javier in many programs has
humiliated women in front of a
lot of viewers and we have commented on
a lot of cases the mother of
Arianissar herself and Danis
Monica pom I forget ants to her own to
Rocío Flores So you
are telling me what you are telling me about
whitewashing abuse what are you
telling me  No, and it's really funny to me, no,
because he says, well, yes,
a documentary has been made and the network has
made a documentary, but that you have to
act not only as a mouthpiece, and it's like, Excuse me, I mean, Excuse me, you
were going to be good, I'm going to keep
quiet, but come on, tremendous, tremendous,
tremendous, tremendous nerve that he has.
We will continue reporting, family. A huge hug.
[Music]